RISC-V Assembler and Simulator
This project includes an assembler and a simulator for the RISC-V instruction set architecture. The assembler converts assembly code into machine code, and the simulator executes the machine code and produces a trace file.

Files
Assembler.cpp: This script takes an assembly code file as input and produces a machine code file as output.
Simulator.cpp: This script takes a machine code file as input and produces a trace file as output.
Instructions
Assembler
Rename your assembler code file as Assembler.cpp.

Place this file inside the already created SimpleAssembler folder.

Run the assembler with the following command:

For Linux users:
g++ Assembler.cpp -o assembler
./assembler

For Windows users:
g++ Assembler.cpp -o assembler
assembler

The assembler must take an assembly code file as input and produce a machine code file as output. All input and output files need to be stored with .txt extensions.

Simulator
Rename your simulator code file as Simulator.cpp.

Place this file inside the already created SimpleSimulator folder.

Run the simulator with the following command:

For Linux users:
g++ Simulator.cpp -o simulator
./simulator

For Windows users:
g++ Simulator.cpp -o simulator
simulator

The simulator must take a machine code file as input and produce a trace file as output. All input and output files need to be stored with .txt extensions.

Testing
The project includes simple and hard tests for both the assembler and simulator. The tests for the assembler and simulator are independent.

Assembler tests are located in tests/assembly/. The folders simpleBin, hardBin, errorGen contain the files for input assembly code. The folders bin_s and bin_h contain the exact machine code file corresponding to the tests inside simpleBin and hardBin respectively. The folders user_bin_s, user_bin_h contain the machine code created by the student’s Assembler for simpleBin, hardBin respectively.
Simulator tests are located in tests/bin/, tests/traces/. The folder tests/traces/ contains the correct expected simulator traces. The folder tests/bin/ contains simulator traces generated by the student’s simulator.
